added missing information regarding the click event (#30671)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/click_event/index.md

{{APIRef}}

> An element receives a **`click`** event when a touch gesture is performed on the element or Space or Enter ke is pressed using a keyboard while the element is focused or a pointing device button (such as a mouse's primary mouse button) is both pressed and released while the pointer is located inside the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An element receives a **`click`** event when any of the following occurs:
- a pointing-device button (such as a mouse's primary button) is both pressed and released while the pointer is located inside the element.
- a touch gesture is performed on the element
- the <kbd>Space</kbd> key or <kbd>Enter</kbd> key is pressed while the element is focused
```

{{APIRef}}

An element receives a **`click`** event when any of the following occurs:
- a pointing-device button (such as a mouse's primary button) is both pressed and released while the pointer is located inside the element.
- a touch gesture is performed on the element
- the <kbd>Space</kbd> key or <kbd>Enter</kbd> key is pressed while the element is focused

If the button is pressed on one element and the pointer is moved outside the element before the button is released, the event is fired on the most specific ancestor element that contained both elements.

`click` fires after both the {{domxref("Element/mousedown_event", "mousedown")}} and {{domxref("Element/mouseup_event", "mouseup")}} events have fired, in that order.

> the event is a device independent event, meaning it can be activated with a touch, keyboard, mouse and any other mechanism provided by an assistive technology.
> .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event is a device-independent event — meaning it can be activated by touch, keyboard, mouse, and any other mechanism provided by assistive technology.
```
